# Random Password Generator
A random password generator is a tool or software program that creates a random sequence of characters, numbers, and/or special characters as a password. The primary purpose of a random password generator is to create strong, unique passwords that are difficult for hackers to guess or crack.

# R.P.G
This script generates a random password of a specified length. The password can include uppercase and lowercase letters, numbers, and special characters. It uses Tkinter framework of Python for GUI.

# Installation
If you are using `R.P.G.py` script, you will need to have Python 3 and the Paperclip library installed on your system. You can install Paperclip using pip:

`pip install paperclip`

# Usage
To Start the `R.P.G`
- Run `R.P.G.py` in a `Python` environment or if you are using `Windows` then Run `R.P.G.exe` file
- Select the length of the password along with the customizations and press `Generate` Button
- The generated password will be displayed in `Generated Password` field
- The password can then be copied and saved by pressing `Copy/Save` Button and can be used for any desired purpose
- If the password is not to the liking then a new password can be generated by again pressing `Generate`  Button

# Customization
You can customize the password to include or exclude certain character sets (e.g. only uppercase letters) by selecting the Checkbuttons.

# Saved Passwords
The passwords will be saved in a Text File Path `C:\R.P.G\Pass.txt` along the a Time Stamp which can be opened by pressing the `View Passwords` Button. These Passwords can be deleted by pressing `Reset Passwords` Button.

# Requirements
Python 3.x

# Note
Please use the generated password carefully, and do not share with anyone.

# Support
In case of any issue, please raise a issue on the repository.
